hello my beloved in service also with
Success is there, who talks magnifying glass and in this video
I have a surprise for you that
maybe I will not be so surprised yes
because I think some of you already
they got there
in the last pokémon video of channel one
little thing was right behind me, right?
This is on my side because I go
to draw for you people for you
already the channel a pokémon and ne
You must remember that a short time ago.
I just took it and now it's time to surf
once again the same sponsor to the
phillip I'll leave the application one
link to his store and it comes from
Pokemon is also there then
if no one there has a link to the store
it is more than a real game
physical game for american consoles
again logical then unfortunately
portugal staff will be left out
who has a European console will not be able to
to use this Japanese show will not
run only same american console
worst iess symbol only works on
US consoles on the front have
known as cher month behind the camera
caught the coaches pictures of the game I
I find a mega show x exclusive of this
version of the exclusive pokémon from here until
to change by y but it is only catchable
in this game is inside the original game of
ball waiting for you to play on your 3ds
2 ds xl that is inside we have more tem
here is that small paper that
teach me how to get him by mister gift
unfortunately this event is gone but
already passed
fillon in January anyway so there
souvenir paper and here at the end
has a little part of the clan nintendo taton
We have points there for you too.
entando club and digital games for river and
3ds is reminding you that in the next two
weeks we will not have them there
Mondays, commitment and I will not
to be able to do them there on Mondays
unfortunately beauty then the draw
in this pokémon x will be scheduled there and
I saw on June 30
there at the end of the month I'm going to raffle show
for you during an exciting 'lesson'
live everyone will be able to see how
to participate
in the description of this video has a link
to facebook where a page in this
you will have to click the button
green writing I want to participate is
important that this green button written
I want to participate only appears after
You have the light side in the fanpage place.
No facebook facebook.com from amsterdam
to participate, sign up for this
channel if you have not yet registered
then you go on facebook.com bar
mystery roles of a tan in this
page
then you go there on the draw tab you have
on facebook and click this link
registration is 70 that will have this
button I want to participate, just click there
You'll be participating, you do not need
sharing nothing need not do more
nothing just this
if you already have pokémon x or not at all
need the prize somehow
continue your friends who do not have to
want to win
I'm sure they will like
know that they will have the opportunity to
win this game there without doing much
effort
So beautiful day June 30 book in
agenda of you will have a draw in this
I play then I enjoy this video for
that the schedule for the next lives is
the following June 17 live the pokémon
physical a battle with the enrolled day
June 22nd Sunday again live
looks at those enrolled in the afternoon of
Sunday beauty Tuesday night from
7:00 p.m.
Sunday afternoon and June 30
so the day of the draw
binds from 19 hours will be
live but there around 8:00 p.m. 20 hours
However I'm going to do the draw, it's going to be
more pro end of the light that I'm going to do
the draw but it will be there and it will be
you want to participate you do not need
go online for hours or try
you win I'll get in touch with
you from Facebook
so do not worry, this is quiet
It'll take you two weeks to
reply a message at most is with
your address is hand dealt with on your
Home any place in Brazil that
play without you pay nothing okay only
to talk you will have a chance to
win on the original through the penalty in
guys
So , join in. Do not forget.
do not win this professional video only
them and always re-invest in flex
beauty
a big hug, magnifying glass and good luck to
What are you going to participate in?
went